# Mobile: flutter
##Members
+ Alex (@alexbrrsclnt)
  + Forbo -> app prodnunciation (3 years). A lot of PHP experience
  + App mobile in flutter published in both stores
  + Experience with native script (Js based on Angular)
  
+ Roberto (@che1404)
  + Freelance working in native iOS (swift and Objective-C)
  + Experience with QML (QT + C++) -> iOS, Android, Windows, Mac.

+ Oscar (@Oskarbi)
  + Experience with Angular and Android
  + Working with flutter in a multiplatfom App

+ Jorge (@flipper83)
  + working in karumi doing platforms.
  + Experience with xamarin, native apps, flutter and react native.

## Conclusions

### Pros
+ Learn the language is easy.
+ Google is pushing the platform and working hard on it.
+ Easy and fast way to have a multiplatform app.
+ Create new custom interfaces is easy and reusable.
+ Theme interfaces is easy. No CSS \o/.
+ A good tooling enviroment. Support for IntelliJ and Visual Studio code. Good DevTools for UI inspection.
+ Support for Android, iOS, Desktop and web.
+ Tutorials are easy to follow but really complex to scale for a production app.


### Cons
+ Flutter is material design oriented.
+ Doen´t exist tooling for UI testing.
+ Documentation for testing is not good enoght yet.
+ Big dependency from Google.
+ Examples doesn´t follow good developer practices. Hard to find good architecture samples.
+ Some components are not well documented or are not good performance. For example the old webview components.
+ In the beta program they stopped compatibility with old plugins (is this going to happens again in future versions?).
+ Is good use Dart?.

## Tip

+ Explore some architecture patterns like Redux (we think that it´s perfect for this framework) and review BLoC (recommend by Google).
+ Apply fastline in CI for automatize the releases processes.
+ Review UI testing alternatives and dependency iversion patterns for write tests in flutter.




